[Logs] Create new reference page in logs docs for firewall field descriptions (#1387)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/logs/src/content/reference/firewall-fields.md

---
order: 123
pcx-content-type: reference
---

# Firewall fields

> The Firewall fields contain rules managed by Cloudflare to block requests that contain malicious content.

Reviewer: those are not necessarily "managed" by cloudflare and are not necesarily "malicious". This could be very much customer policy.

Author: Noted - updating to "The Firewall fields contain rules to block requests that contain specific types of content."

## FirewallMatchesActions

<TableWrap>

| Value | Action | Description |
|---|---|---|

> | <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">unknown</span></em> | Unknown | Take no other action |

Reviewer 2: Not sure we need all these `<span style="font-weight: 400;">(...)</span>`... 
Wouldn't the `<em>(...)</em>` tags be enough?

| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">allow</span></em> | Allow | Bypass all subsequent rules |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">block</span></em> | Drop | Block with an HTTP 403 response |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">challenge</span></em> | Challenge Drop | Issue a CAPTCHA challenge |

> | <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">jschallenge</span></em> | Challenge Drop | Unused |

Reviewer 3: If this is unused, why do we have it here?

Reviewer 4: It's not unused, but it is not clear what it should be exactly.
There is some discussion on a docs linked from the internal ticket PCX-975.
@worenga

Reviewer: This is not unused. The description should say "Issue a Javascript challenge"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">jschallenge</span></em> | Challenge Drop | Issue a Javascript challenge |
```

> | <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">jschallenge</span></em> | Challenge Drop | Issue a Javascript challenge |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">jschallenge</span></em> | Challenge Drop | Issue a JavaScript challenge |
```

Reviewer 2: Alternatively, write just `JS`.

| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">log</span></em> | Log | Take no action other than logging the event |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">connectionClose</span></em> | Close | Close connection |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">challengeSolved</span></em> | Allow | Allow once CAPTCHA challenge solved |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">challengeFailed</span></em> | Drop | Block following invalid CAPTCHA solve attempt |

> | <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">challengeBypassed</span></em> | Allow | CAPTCHA challenge not issued, allow (see challenge status for reason)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">challengeBypassed</span></em> | Allow | CAPTCHA challenge not issued because the visitor had previously passed a captcha challenge|
```

Author: Implementing in separate commit to capitalize CAPTCHA

| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">jschallengeSolved</span></em> | Allow | Allow once JS challenge solved |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">jschallengeFailed</span></em> | Drop | Drop if JS challenge failed |

> | <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">jschallengeBypassed</span></em> | Allow | Allow if JS challenge bypassed (see challenge status for reason)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">jschallengeBypassed</span></em> | Allow | JS challenge not issued because the visitor had previously passed a JS or Captcha challenge  |
```

Author: Implementing in separate commit to capitalize CAPTCHA

| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">bypass</span></em> | Allow | Bypass all subsequent firewall rules |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">managedChallenge</span></em> | Challenge Drop | Issue managed challenge |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">managedChallengeSkipped</span></em> | Allow | Skip managed challenge and allow |

> | <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">managedChallengeNonInteractiveSolved</span></em> | Allow | Allow once managed challenge solved via non-interactive interstitial page |

Reviewer 2: The description is slightly cryptic... 
Maybe something like "Allow once the managed challenge was solved via non-interactive interstitial page".
The same comment applies to the next description.

| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">managedChallengeInteractiveSolved</span></em> | Allow | Allow once managed challenged solved via interactive interstitial page |

> | <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">managedChallengeBypassed</span></em> | Allow | Allow if managed challenge bypassed or not issued because visitor had clearance |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">managedChallengeBypassed</span></em> | Allow | Challenge was not presented because visitor had clearance from previous challenge |
```

</TableWrap>

## FirewallMatchesSources

<TableWrap>

> 

Reviewer 3: nit but "allow or block" is pretty redundant here -- maybe we can just strike from these descriptions

Author: I wanted to lead with a verb for consistency with the descriptions that don't use "allow or block" - going to merge as-is but will consider less redundant phrasing for the future!

| Value | Description |
|---|---|
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">unknown</span></em> | Used if an event is received from a new source but the logging system has not been updated |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">asn</span></em> | Allow or block based on autonomous system number |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">country</span></em> | Allow or block based on country |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">ip</span></em> | Allow or block based on IP address |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">ipRange</span></em> | Allow or block based on range of IP addresses |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">securityLevel</span></em> | Allow or block based on requester's security level |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">zoneLockdown</span></em> | Restrict all access to a specific zone |

> | <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">waf</span></em> | Allow or block based on the WAF product settings. This is the old WAF/managed rules system that is being phased out. |

Reviewer 2: We're not calling it "old WAF" anywhere else (we just say that the new one is "new") -- just an FYI, I have no better suggestion right now.

Author: Probably better to omit and use "WAF/managed rule system that is being phased out"

| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">firewallRules</span></em> | Allow or block based on a zone's firewall rules configuration |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">uaBlock</span></em> | Allow or block based on the Cloudflare User Agent Blocking product settings |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">rateLimit</span></em> | Allow or block based on a rate limiting rule, whether set by you or by Cloudflare |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">bic</span></em> | Allow or block based on the Browser Integrity Check product settings |

> | <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">hot</span></em> | Allow or block based on the Hotlinking Protection product settings |

Reviewer 2: I'd change it to "Hotlink Protection", like it's written in the dashboard. 
We do have one "Hotlinking" occurrence in Dev Docs that we should probably change.

> | <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">l7ddos</span></em> | Allow or block based on the L7 DdoS product settings |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">l7ddos</span></em> | Allow or block based on the L7 DDoS product settings |
```

| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">validation</span></em> | Allow or block based on a request that is invalid (cannot be customized) |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">botFight</span></em> | Allow or block based on the Bot Fight Mode (classic) product settings |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">botManagement</span></em> | Allow or block based on the Bot Management product settings |
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">dlp</span></em> | Allow or block based on the Data Loss Prevention product settings |

> | <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">firewallManaged</span></em> | Allow or block based on the Cloudflare managed rules product settings |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| <em><span style="font-weight: 400;">firewallManaged</span></em> | Allow or block based on the Firewall Managed Rules product settings |
```
